how to find unlimited youtube video
topics and ideas
youtube seems to be covered with content
about everything it's the second largest
search engine in the world and
technically google owns it which is the
most popular search engine in the world
so it owns both of them and billions of
people are using it every single month
with so much content being published on
youtube it's hard to find that new topic
to talk about in your videos but every
day more and more creators grow their
channels from 0 to hundreds of thousands
if not millions of subscribers in a
matter of months
so how do these creators find inspiring
new topics new content that'll attract
much more attention the first thing i
want you to keep in mind is that you
don't need to start absolutely from
scratch as a creator
a part of your job is to capture the
questions the problems the needs the
wants and the favorite topics of your
audience and there are quite a few tools
that will help you get this information
knowing the right topics to talk about
is one of the most important pieces of
your strategy on youtube when people are
seeing your youtube video title that's
interesting for them that compels them
to click through but
you have to keep in mind that whatever
topic you choose to talk about you
better deliver on that promise because
that's going to grow your audience and
your channel if you don't deliver
you're going to get people to leave it's
your ability to draw that attention not
just from your titles and your
thumbnails but also from your content to
get people to stick around it's that
whole flow if people leave after they
click through within the first few
seconds it tells youtube that your video
was crap so let's take a go over at
finding the right topics for your
youtube videos
first off google trends google trends
shows you what's booming right now
that's what people are searching for and
looking for then you got social animal
it'll help flood you with tons of
content and this is great pretty much
think about your content calendar it can
help you with that and make it all into
one amazing journey
for competitive research i love uber
suggests and specifically uber says
questions you know when you type in a
keyword into ubersuggest there's tabs
that say questions answers it even has
comparisons and prepositions answer the
questions because that's what people are
typing in right now because it's taking
it from google autocomplete which is
another tool and another one that does
something similar but in a visual format
is answer the public